Grandpa, although you forgot me
But your actions tell me you still love me
Grandpa, I know you have amnesia
But An Yingying is not as simple as you think
Aunt Song
You must be careful auntie
I will definitely help you get back your lost memories.
Oh, dear.
This is mine alone.
No one is allowed to touch
Li Te drives the car
Hey, hey, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
I didn't expect my wife to have such a side
It seems that occasional memory loss is also good
I don't care what your relationship with Song Nianyi is
But now An Yingying already has your child.
You must break up with Song Nian in the future
Do you want to repeat your father's responsibility?
Abandoned his wife and children for the third child?
What are you doing when you're not resting in the house?
Why are you at my house?
She's your wife.
He's not at your house, did you let him sleep in the bridge hole?
I went abroad for three years
You've learned all your father's bad habits
Is that what I taught you, Mom?
No mom
Don't say that to Brother Ye
It's not his fault.
It's all because of that Song Nianyi seducing Brother Ye
I know there are some things you don't remember
Then you can stay and accompany Yingying in the next few days.
Think of it as a relationship
Mom